sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	America	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	Europe	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	Tokyo	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	Italy	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	Normandy	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent621	Jimmy Doolittle	Live_In	France	( He specifically mentioned ` ` why the pilgrims came ' ' to America from Europe in the 17th century in quest of religious freedom , ` ` who Jimmy Doolittle was , and what those 30 seconds over Tokyo meant , ' ' as well as the battle at Anzio , Italy , and the landing at Normandy , France .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Tokyo	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Rome	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	U.S.	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Italy	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Tokyo	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Rome	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	U.S.	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent627	Anzio	Live_In	Italy	( The term ` ` 30 Seconds Over Tokyo ' ' was the title of a popular movie about the raid. _Anzio _ The Anzio beachhead , 33 miles south of Rome , saw some of the bloodiest fighting of World War II and accounted for many of the 10 , 000 U.S. battle deaths in Italy the first half of 1944 .)
sent630	Reagan	Live_In	Omaha Beach	( Reagan recalled that on the 40th anniversary of the Normandy landings he read a letter from a young woman whose late father had fought at Omaha Beach , a Normandy sector .)
sent630	Normandy	Live_In	Omaha Beach	( Reagan recalled that on the 40th anniversary of the Normandy landings he read a letter from a young woman whose late father had fought at Omaha Beach , a Normandy sector .)
sent630	Normandy	Live_In	Omaha Beach	( Reagan recalled that on the 40th anniversary of the Normandy landings he read a letter from a young woman whose late father had fought at Omaha Beach , a Normandy sector .)
sent735	Terry Hands	Live_In	Stratford	( Terry Hands , the subsidized theater 's artistic director , unveiled a new ` ` one-year , two-season work cycle ' ' under which actors will commit themselves to one 60-week contract , playing the first half of the season at the company 's home theater in Stratford-upon-Avon before transferring the productions to its London base at the Barbican .)
sent735	Terry Hands	Live_In	London	( Terry Hands , the subsidized theater 's artistic director , unveiled a new ` ` one-year , two-season work cycle ' ' under which actors will commit themselves to one 60-week contract , playing the first half of the season at the company 's home theater in Stratford-upon-Avon before transferring the productions to its London base at the Barbican .)
sent735	Avon	Live_In	Stratford	( Terry Hands , the subsidized theater 's artistic director , unveiled a new ` ` one-year , two-season work cycle ' ' under which actors will commit themselves to one 60-week contract , playing the first half of the season at the company 's home theater in Stratford-upon-Avon before transferring the productions to its London base at the Barbican .)
sent735	Avon	Live_In	London	( Terry Hands , the subsidized theater 's artistic director , unveiled a new ` ` one-year , two-season work cycle ' ' under which actors will commit themselves to one 60-week contract , playing the first half of the season at the company 's home theater in Stratford-upon-Avon before transferring the productions to its London base at the Barbican .)
sent848	Jean Griffith	Live_In	Howard Beach	( Those honored were Jean Griffith , mother of a man killed on a Howard Beach , Queens , parkway after being chased by a gang of whites in December 1986 ;)
sent848	Jean Griffith	Live_In	Queens	( Those honored were Jean Griffith , mother of a man killed on a Howard Beach , Queens , parkway after being chased by a gang of whites in December 1986 ;)
sent978	Livingston	Live_In	Montana	( High winds blew on the east slopes of the Rocky Mountains in Montana , with winds gusting to near 50 mph at Livingston .)
sent994	Monnett	Live_In	Yuma	( But Ms. Monnett , who said most of her reviews are positive , vowed to continue writing reviews _ even if she has to travel 90 miles to Yuma , Ariz. , to see the pictures .)
sent994	Monnett	Live_In	Ariz.	( But Ms. Monnett , who said most of her reviews are positive , vowed to continue writing reviews _ even if she has to travel 90 miles to Yuma , Ariz. , to see the pictures .)
sent1014	Beatrice Martinez	Live_In	Ontario	( ` ` It was torn to shreds , ' ' said Beatrice Martinez , public relations secretary at the Ontario airport , about 40 miles east of Los Angeles .)
sent1014	Beatrice Martinez	Live_In	Los Angeles	( ` ` It was torn to shreds , ' ' said Beatrice Martinez , public relations secretary at the Ontario airport , about 40 miles east of Los Angeles .)
sent1025	Ramona	Live_In	San Diego County	( In San Diego County , a 50-acre fire fanned by 60 mph winds burned out of control Thursday afternoon near the city of Ramona , the California Department of Forestry reported .)
sent1038	Patti Fox	Live_In	Atlantic City	( Trump plans to display the window in the Taj Mahal , a hotel he 's building in Atlantic City , according to Patti Fox , who bid on Trump 's behalf after he made a brief appearance at the auction .)
sent1047	NIAGARA FALLS	Live_In	N.Y	( NIAGARA FALLS , N.Y .)
sent1215	Fred Farrar	Live_In	Midland	( FAA spokesman Fred Farrar said Tuesday the timer assembly could not have caused the British Midland crash .)
sent1302	Ludwig Rinn	Live_In	Riga	( Ludwig Rinn , who died in 1942 , invented the tiny camera in 1938 in Riga , Latvia , in what is now the Soviet Union .)
sent1302	Ludwig Rinn	Live_In	Latvia	( Ludwig Rinn , who died in 1942 , invented the tiny camera in 1938 in Riga , Latvia , in what is now the Soviet Union .)
sent1302	Ludwig Rinn	Live_In	the Soviet Union	( Ludwig Rinn , who died in 1942 , invented the tiny camera in 1938 in Riga , Latvia , in what is now the Soviet Union .)
sent1313	Dietmar Kanzer	Live_In	Rollei	( Spokesman Dietmar Kanzer of the smaller Rollei company , which employs about 270 people , told the AP the firm had great success with its new Roliflex 6008 camera in 1988 .)
sent1332	Peter Butler	Live_In	New Orleans	( ` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel .)
sent1332	Henry A. Politz	Live_In	New Orleans	( ` ` I 'm delighted , ' ' said Peter Butler , attorney for A. Copeland Enterprises Inc. _ the company which owns New Orleans-based Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken _ after Judge Henry A. Politz announced the decision for the three-judge 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel .)
sent1333	Popeyes	Live_In	San Antonio	( A hearing is set Wednesday in federal court in San Antonio , Texas , where Popeyes is fighting ` ` poison pill ' ' anti-takeover bylaws which Church 's adopted Nov. 4 , more than a week after Popeyes made its offer .)
sent1333	Popeyes	Live_In	Texas	( A hearing is set Wednesday in federal court in San Antonio , Texas , where Popeyes is fighting ` ` poison pill ' ' anti-takeover bylaws which Church 's adopted Nov. 4 , more than a week after Popeyes made its offer .)
sent1333	Popeyes	Live_In	San Antonio	( A hearing is set Wednesday in federal court in San Antonio , Texas , where Popeyes is fighting ` ` poison pill ' ' anti-takeover bylaws which Church 's adopted Nov. 4 , more than a week after Popeyes made its offer .)
sent1333	Popeyes	Live_In	Texas	( A hearing is set Wednesday in federal court in San Antonio , Texas , where Popeyes is fighting ` ` poison pill ' ' anti-takeover bylaws which Church 's adopted Nov. 4 , more than a week after Popeyes made its offer .)
sent1394	Middletown	Live_In	New York City	( ` ` We chose Middletown because we 're trying to access the New York City market but we wanted to be outside the high-priced metropolitan area , ' ' said Robert Thompson , Eaglebrook 's vice .)
sent1394	Robert Thompson	Live_In	New York City	( ` ` We chose Middletown because we 're trying to access the New York City market but we wanted to be outside the high-priced metropolitan area , ' ' said Robert Thompson , Eaglebrook 's vice .)
sent1399	Eaglebrook East	Live_In	New York City	( Eaglebrook East has contracts with a New York City recycler , two counties in New Jersey and Dutchess County in New York .)
sent1399	Eaglebrook East	Live_In	New Jersey	( Eaglebrook East has contracts with a New York City recycler , two counties in New Jersey and Dutchess County in New York .)
sent1399	Eaglebrook East	Live_In	Dutchess County	( Eaglebrook East has contracts with a New York City recycler , two counties in New Jersey and Dutchess County in New York .)
sent1399	Eaglebrook East	Live_In	New York	( Eaglebrook East has contracts with a New York City recycler , two counties in New Jersey and Dutchess County in New York .)
sent1427	Todd Kimberlain	Live_In	Mississippi	( ` ` It 's not going to be a major hurricane , but there will be beach erosion , tides 10 feet above normal in some places and 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mississippi , Louisiana and eastern Texas , ' ' said Todd Kimberlain of the National Hurricane Center.)
sent1427	Todd Kimberlain	Live_In	Louisiana	( ` ` It 's not going to be a major hurricane , but there will be beach erosion , tides 10 feet above normal in some places and 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mississippi , Louisiana and eastern Texas , ' ' said Todd Kimberlain of the National Hurricane Center.)
sent1427	Todd Kimberlain	Live_In	Texas	( ` ` It 's not going to be a major hurricane , but there will be beach erosion , tides 10 feet above normal in some places and 10 to 15 inches of rain over Mississippi , Louisiana and eastern Texas , ' ' said Todd Kimberlain of the National Hurricane Center.)
sent1495	Pat Epps	Live_In	Greenland	( Pat Epps and other members of the Greenland Expedition Society suffered hunger , cold and sunburn in the hunt for the ` ` lost squadron , ' ' eight aircraft which crash landed in Greenland in 1942.)
sent1550	Donald W. Riegle Jr.	Live_In	D-Mich	( Another type of plan , first advocated by Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. , D-Mich. , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , doesn 't waive Gramm-Rudman.)
sent1555	Shelley Yeager	Live_In	Massachusetts	( ` ` It 's been a nightmare , ' ' said Shelley Yeager , director of the Clara Barton camp at Oxford in central Massachusetts.)
sent1555	Clara Barton	Live_In	Massachusetts	( ` ` It 's been a nightmare , ' ' said Shelley Yeager , director of the Clara Barton camp at Oxford in central Massachusetts.)
sent1573	Jonathan Lifa	Live_In	Louisiana	( The self-propelled rig Avco 5 with 14 people aboard was headed to shore early Monday when it capsized about 20 miles off the Louisiana coast , near Morgan City , Chevron spokesman Jonathan Lifa said.)
sent1573	Jonathan Lifa	Live_In	Morgan City	( The self-propelled rig Avco 5 with 14 people aboard was headed to shore early Monday when it capsized about 20 miles off the Louisiana coast , near Morgan City , Chevron spokesman Jonathan Lifa said.)
sent1585	Allen Harker	Live_In	8th District	( The number of lift boats involved in accidents is higher than normal , ' ' said Lt. Allen Harker , a marine inspector at the Coast Guard 's 8th District headquarters .)
sent1591	Sandi Sacher	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` Right now , the fire season is just starting to gear up , ' ' said Sandi Sacher , spokeswoman at the federal government 's wildfire command post in Boise , Idaho.)
sent1593	Sacher	Live_In	West	( By year 's end , 6 million acres had burned in the West and Alaska , making 1988 the worst fire season in 30 years , and , in terms of firefighting resources committed , the most expensive in U.S. history , Sacher said.)
sent1593	Sacher	Live_In	Alaska	( By year 's end , 6 million acres had burned in the West and Alaska , making 1988 the worst fire season in 30 years , and , in terms of firefighting resources committed , the most expensive in U.S. history , Sacher said.)
sent1593	Sacher	Live_In	U.S.	( By year 's end , 6 million acres had burned in the West and Alaska , making 1988 the worst fire season in 30 years , and , in terms of firefighting resources committed , the most expensive in U.S. history , Sacher said.)
sent1595	David Foster	Live_In	Seattle	( David Foster is the AP 's Northwest regional reporter , based in Seattle.)
sent1644	Bush	Live_In	Massachusetts	( Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts.)
sent1644	Michael Dukakis	Live_In	Massachusetts	( Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts.)
sent1646	Thomas Kean	Live_In	New Jersey	( New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean , who is leaving office after two terms at the end of this year , was greeted with effuse public praise by his colleagues during the conference.)
sent1647	Mario Cuomo	Live_In	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)
sent1647	Kean	Live_In	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)
sent1656	Tsuruyama	Live_In	Yatsushiro	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1656	Tsuruyama	Live_In	Japan	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1673	Jim Hightower	Live_In	Texas	( ` ` From the onset , we at the Texas Department of Agriculture felt that more was at stake than steak , and a whole lot more was at stake than growth hormones , ' ' said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower at a news conference Monday.)
sent1674	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	( In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)
sent1674	Bush	Live_In	Europe	( In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	China	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	San Francisco	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	China	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	San Francisco	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	San Francisco	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Bethany	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Conn.	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1716	Shaw Yu-ming	Live_In	China	( With China 's crackdown on the democracy movement , ` ` the truth is finally coming out of the cruel nature of communism , ' ' said Shaw Yu-ming , director-general of Government Information , at the opening of Taiwan 's new downtown Washington information center.)
sent1716	Shaw Yu-ming	Live_In	Taiwan	( With China 's crackdown on the democracy movement , ` ` the truth is finally coming out of the cruel nature of communism , ' ' said Shaw Yu-ming , director-general of Government Information , at the opening of Taiwan 's new downtown Washington information center.)
sent1716	Shaw Yu-ming	Live_In	Washington	( With China 's crackdown on the democracy movement , ` ` the truth is finally coming out of the cruel nature of communism , ' ' said Shaw Yu-ming , director-general of Government Information , at the opening of Taiwan 's new downtown Washington information center.)
sent1787	Dave Olson	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn.)
sent1801	Greg Thayer	Live_In	Washington	( In Washington state , near the Canadian border , firefighters hoped to contain an 850-acre fire by tonight , said Greg Thayer of the Forest Service.)
sent1814	Gerald Schwartz	Live_In	Miami Beach	( ` ` You can count it on your fingertips , ' ' said veteran Miami Beach political Gerald Schwartz.)
sent1818	David Leahy	Live_In	Dade County	( David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month.)
sent1828	David Fleischer	Live_In	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge.)
sent1828	John Stembridge	Live_In	North Miami	( Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Calico	Live_In	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Calico	Live_In	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	Albuquerque	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	N.M.	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	Washington	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1859	Bernero	Live_In	Rockville	( At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts.)
sent1859	Bernero	Live_In	Md.	( At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts.)
sent1859	Bernero	Live_In	Yucca Mountain	( At a briefing at NRC headquarters in nearby Rockville , Md. , Bernero said the volcanic cones in the area of Yucca Mountain have been a cause of concern for NRC experts.)
sent1861	Bob Miller	Live_In	Nevada	( Gov. Bob Miller recently signed a bill prohibiting storage of high-level radioactive waste in Nevada.)
sent1872	Javier Perez de Cuellar	Live_In	Cambodia	( The French foreign said the mission , under the aegis of U.N. Secretary Javier Perez de Cuellar , was to be dispatched ` ` very quickly ' ' to Cambodia and other involved countries , but he did not set a date.)
sent1893	Robert Isaacks	Live_In	High Island	( It 's doing a lot of wind damage , ' ' said Robert Isaacks , an emergency medical technician on High Island.)
sent1901	Betty Barrow	Live_In	High Island	( ` ` We get worse thunderstorms than this , ' ' said Betty Barrow , a 28-year resident who remained on High Island.)
sent1902	Barrow	Live_In	High Island	( Chantal knocked out power on High Island shortly after 7 a.m. , but the few businesses in town remained open , including a grocery where Ms. Barrow was on duty.)
sent1908	Port Arthur	Live_In	Louisiana	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Louisiana	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1908	Port Arthur	Live_In	Louisiana	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	Lake Charles	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	La.	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1946	Tom Defelice	Live_In	Florida	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15.)
sent1946	Warwick	Live_In	Florida	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15.)
sent1953	Sherman Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months.)
sent1953	John C. Keene	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months.)
sent1993	Rose	Live_In	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Live_In	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent2013	Sam Rousso	Live_In	Rockville	( In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Sam Rousso	Live_In	Md.	( In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Bernero	Live_In	Rockville	( In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2013	Bernero	Live_In	Md.	( In a briefing at the NRC 's Rockville , Md. , headquarters and in a letter to Sam Rousso , acting of civilian radioactive waste management for the Energy Department , Bernero said study of seismic and volcanic risks needed to be given high priority.)
sent2021	Fran Sepler	Live_In	Michigan	( The law , patterned after similar measures in Michigan and California , gives victims ` ` a maximum opportunity to participate , ' ' said Fran Sepler , executive of the state Crime Victim and Witness Advisory Council.)
sent2021	Fran Sepler	Live_In	California	( The law , patterned after similar measures in Michigan and California , gives victims ` ` a maximum opportunity to participate , ' ' said Fran Sepler , executive of the state Crime Victim and Witness Advisory Council.)
sent2045	Tim Valentine	Live_In	D-N.C.	( Rep. Tim Valentine , D-N.C. , however , said he cannot understand why illegal aliens should be allowed to dilute the representation of U.S. citizens.)
sent2045	Tim Valentine	Live_In	U.S.	( Rep. Tim Valentine , D-N.C. , however , said he cannot understand why illegal aliens should be allowed to dilute the representation of U.S. citizens.)
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)
sent2055	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2056	Dan Rather	Live_In	Wonderland	( CBS anchorman Dan Rather spoke to the final full session of the National Governors ' Association conference , saying , ` ` You who already have the toughest job in American politics have got to take the lead in convincing the president and Congress that the present approach to education policy is a mess and needs immediate overhaul , and the present approach to the federal budget deficit is an Alice in Wonderland fantasy. ' ')
sent2056	Alice	Live_In	Wonderland	( CBS anchorman Dan Rather spoke to the final full session of the National Governors ' Association conference , saying , ` ` You who already have the toughest job in American politics have got to take the lead in convincing the president and Congress that the present approach to education policy is a mess and needs immediate overhaul , and the present approach to the federal budget deficit is an Alice in Wonderland fantasy. ' ')
sent2059	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Bush	Live_In	Virginia	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Bush	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2063	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Arkansas	( Democrat Bill Clinton of Arkansas said the summit will keep education and child-related issues on the public agenda.)
sent2064	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')
sent2064	Bush	Live_In	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')
sent2064	Bush	Live_In	Ohio	( But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')
sent2083	Hun Sen	Live_In	Vietnam	( In turn , Vietnam and the Cambodian government of Prime Hun Sen agreed to the fact-finding mission under the auspices of U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar.)
sent2083	Javier Perez de Cuellar	Live_In	Vietnam	( In turn , Vietnam and the Cambodian government of Prime Hun Sen agreed to the fact-finding mission under the auspices of U.N. Secretary-General Javier Perez de Cuellar.)
sent2189	Ted Weiss	Live_In	D-N.Y.	( ` ` It would be helpful if you folks would provide leadership , ' ' shot back Rep. Ted Weiss , D-N.Y. , chairman of the House oversight subcommittee grilling Mason and other administration officials about a broad range of AIDS programs.)
sent2194	Bush	Live_In	Atlanta	( Mason , who headed the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta before being appointed to the No. 2 HHS job by President Bush , said he faces a similar dilemma in the emerging fiscal 1990 budget because the AZT program is authorized at $30 million but not included in the appropriations bill scheduled for debate later this week.)
sent2217	Strom Thurmond	Live_In	R-S.C.	( But Sen. Strom Thurmond , R-S.C. , sponsor of a proposed constitutional amendment , said , ` ` An overwhelming majority of Americans are looking to the Congress to ... restore the proper civil respect for our American flag. ' ')
sent2223	Bush	Live_In	the United States	( President Bush announced Tuesday the United States will provide up to $50 million in food aid for Poland to help avert shortages in the country as it struggles to reform its government and economy.)
sent2223	Bush	Live_In	Poland	( President Bush announced Tuesday the United States will provide up to $50 million in food aid for Poland to help avert shortages in the country as it struggles to reform its government and economy.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2257	Jacobsen	Live_In	Colorado	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2257	Jacobsen	Live_In	London	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2257	Anderson	Live_In	Colorado	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2257	Anderson	Live_In	London	( Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2263	Cicippio	Live_In	Beirut	( ` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut.)
sent2268	Elizabeth Dole	Live_In	U.S.	( OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2282	Roger Mauro	Live_In	Hammonton	( In a 5-1 decision , the Supreme Court said Roger Mauro and his wife , Lois , cannot collect damages for his fear that he may contract cancer after being exposed to asbestos fibers while working as a plumber-steamfitter for more than a decade at Ancora State Psychiatric Hospital in Hammonton.)
sent2282	Lois	Live_In	Hammonton	( In a 5-1 decision , the Supreme Court said Roger Mauro and his wife , Lois , cannot collect damages for his fear that he may contract cancer after being exposed to asbestos fibers while working as a plumber-steamfitter for more than a decade at Ancora State Psychiatric Hospital in Hammonton.)
sent2283	Owens	Live_In	Toledo	( Mauro sued product manufacturers Owens-Corning Fiberglass of Toledo , Ohio ;)
sent2283	Owens	Live_In	Ohio	( Mauro sued product manufacturers Owens-Corning Fiberglass of Toledo , Ohio ;)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	U.S.	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	France	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	West Germany	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2291	Mikhail S. Gorbachev	Live_In	Great Britain	( The study did not take into account recent promises by Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev to reduce military spending. _When the Soviet total is combined with U.S. military spending of $296 billion , the superpower total exceeded the next largest spender by more than 8 -LCB- to 1 in 1987. France , West Germany and Great Britain assumed the third , fourth and fifth positions , respectively , in military spending in 1987.)
sent2336	Bob Dole	Live_In	Kansas	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation.)
sent2336	Bush	Live_In	Kansas	( Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation.)
sent2358	Ronald	Live_In	U.S.	( He has been the State Department 's refugee coordinator and is a former Harvard politics professor. _Ronald for the rank of ambassador during his tenure as U.S. negotiator on textile matters.)
sent2403	Tom Muri	Live_In	Whitefish City	( The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri.)
sent2423	Cecil Ray	Live_In	King County	( The injured man was being treated for stab wounds to the neck and was under police guard , said King County police spokesman Cecil Ray.)
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	Washington	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Washington	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	U.S.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	Denver	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	Washington	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2465	Kim Dae-jung	Live_In	South Korea 's	( Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea.)
sent2465	Kim Dae-jung	Live_In	North Korea	( Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea.)
sent2509	Chris Jonientz-Trisler	Live_In	Lacamas Lake	( The temblor measured 3.9 on the Richter scale and was centered 10 miles below the Lacamas Lake area , just northeast of Camas , Wash. , said Chris Jonientz-Trisler , seismic analyst at the University of Washington Seismology Lab.)
sent2509	Chris Jonientz-Trisler	Live_In	Camas	( The temblor measured 3.9 on the Richter scale and was centered 10 miles below the Lacamas Lake area , just northeast of Camas , Wash. , said Chris Jonientz-Trisler , seismic analyst at the University of Washington Seismology Lab.)
sent2509	Chris Jonientz-Trisler	Live_In	Wash.	( The temblor measured 3.9 on the Richter scale and was centered 10 miles below the Lacamas Lake area , just northeast of Camas , Wash. , said Chris Jonientz-Trisler , seismic analyst at the University of Washington Seismology Lab.)
sent2518	Kovacevic	Live_In	Kosovo	( Kovacevic , a Serb , has come under fire from Serbian politicians and the republic 's press since the U.S. Congress last month passed two resolutions claiming there were human rights violations in the strife-torn southern province of Kosovo.)
sent2539	John Kennedy	Live_In	the United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said.)
sent2539	John Kennedy	Live_In	Harrington	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said.)
sent2556	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	( An outraged President Bush is weighing U.S. options for responding to the ` ` brutal and tragic ' ' murder of Marine Lt. William Higgins while ruling out negotiations with Lebanese terrorists threatening to kill more hostages.)
sent2556	William Higgins	Live_In	U.S.	( An outraged President Bush is weighing U.S. options for responding to the ` ` brutal and tragic ' ' murder of Marine Lt. William Higgins while ruling out negotiations with Lebanese terrorists threatening to kill more hostages.)
sent2571	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	( One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2577	Felix S. Bloch	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria.)
sent2577	Felix S. Bloch	Live_In	Austria	( U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria.)
sent2578	Robert Weisner	Live_In	Washington	( ` ` I tried and tried , but he said he wouldn 't answer questions on the substance of his case , ' ' said Robert Weisner , the Washington correspondent for state-run Austrian television.)
sent2580	Bloch	Live_In	Georgetown	( Bloch also read Austrian newspaper accounts of the case , which Weisner showed him during Bloch 's 45-minute visit to the offices of Austrian television Monday afternoon in the Georgetown section of the capital.)
sent2580	Bloch	Live_In	Georgetown	( Bloch also read Austrian newspaper accounts of the case , which Weisner showed him during Bloch 's 45-minute visit to the offices of Austrian television Monday afternoon in the Georgetown section of the capital.)
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Live_In	Israel	( ` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)
sent2640	Ofer Bar-Yosef	Live_In	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Ofer Bar-Yosef	Live_In	Kebara	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Live_In	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Live_In	Kebara	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2643	Linguist Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Linguist Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	R.I.	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Linguist Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Kebara	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Brown Univeristy	Live_In	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Brown Univeristy	Live_In	R.I.	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Brown Univeristy	Live_In	Kebara	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Live_In	New York 's	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Live_In	Kebara	( Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero	Live_In	Argentina	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero	Live_In	Buenos Aires Province	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2735	Miguel Rodriguez	Live_In	Venezuela	( Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors.)
sent2735	Miguel Rodriguez	Live_In	Mexico	( Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors.)
sent2741	Harold Abramson	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)
sent2741	William Herbert	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)
sent2741	Nancy Hunt	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)
sent2744	Herbert Hunt	Live_In	New York	( The Internal Revenue Service and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. of New York , two of the largest creditors in the Herbert Hunt bankruptcy , said they will file a repayment plan by Friday.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	West Palm Beach	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	Fla.	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2822	George Proctor	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee.)
sent2822	Bakst	Live_In	U.S.	( U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Miami	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Fla.	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Cincinnati	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Ohio	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Home State	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2882	Ernesto Perez Balladares	Live_In	the Republic	( ( Text ) The National Central Organization of Panamanian Workers ( CNTP ) , which comprises three workers ' federations and 16 unions for a total of 12 , 000 workers , has proclaimed its determination to support Dr. Ernesto Perez Balladares for the presidency of the Republic .)
sent2884	Andres Vega Cedeno	Live_In	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Andres Vega Cedeno	Live_In	San Miguelito	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Felipe Cano	Live_In	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Felipe Cano	Live_In	San Miguelito	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 ( ITAR-TASS ) -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 ( ITAR-TASS ) -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 ( ITAR-TASS ) -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 ( ITAR-TASS ) -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2929	Mykola Bahrov	Live_In	U.S.	( ( Text ) Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2929	Mykola Bahrov	Live_In	Ukraine	( ( Text ) Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2929	William Miller	Live_In	U.S.	( ( Text ) Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2929	William Miller	Live_In	Ukraine	( ( Text ) Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2937	Tansu Ciller	Live_In	Turkey	( This is how the politicians assessed the DEP 's withdrawal from the political arena so close to the elections and when it had fielded its candidates all over Turkey : Prime Tansu Ciller said : I was expecting such a decision .)
sent2968	Minoli	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2968	Fini	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2968	Bossi	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2968	Minoli	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2968	Bossi	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2968	Hitler	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. ( Minoli ) Why ? ( Fini ) Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. ( passage omitted ) He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. ( Minoli ) You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2972	Bossi	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Bossi	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Minoli	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Minoli	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Fini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Minoli	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2972	Minoli	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... ( Fini ) He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. ( passage omitted ) I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? ( Fini ) In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. ( passage omitted ) ( Minoli ) You said ;)
sent2987	Croats	Live_In	Turkey	( In a statement at the airport before his departure , Cetin said that Turkey welcomed this step taken by Bosnians and Croats and hoped that real peace comes to Bosnia-Herzegovina when Serbs join this process too .)
sent2987	Croats	Live_In	Bosnia-Herzegovina	( In a statement at the airport before his departure , Cetin said that Turkey welcomed this step taken by Bosnians and Croats and hoped that real peace comes to Bosnia-Herzegovina when Serbs join this process too .)
sent2988	Warren Christopher	Live_In	Turkey	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2988	Warren Christopher	Live_In	Balkans	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2990	Juppe	Live_In	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent2990	Juppe	Live_In	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent3015	Norte	Live_In	Namialo	( ( Text ) The situation remains explosive in Namialo assembly area , in Nampula Province , where the government soldiers with the former Northern Improvement Brigade ( Brigada de Melhoramentos do Norte ) , BMN , and others in the Nampula Provincial Command continue to wait for the outcome of their demands .)
sent3015	Norte	Live_In	Nampula Province	( ( Text ) The situation remains explosive in Namialo assembly area , in Nampula Province , where the government soldiers with the former Northern Improvement Brigade ( Brigada de Melhoramentos do Norte ) , BMN , and others in the Nampula Provincial Command continue to wait for the outcome of their demands .)
sent3034	Qian Qichen Leaves	Live_In	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)
sent3034	Qian Qichen Leaves	Live_In	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Beijing	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Pakistan	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Bangladesh	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Sri Lanka	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Maldives	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3036	Foreign Qian	Live_In	Iran	( ( Text ) Beijing , February 21 ( XINHUA ) -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	US	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Vietnam	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Hanoi	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Washington	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	US	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	Vietnam	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	Hanoi	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3051	Clinton	Live_In	Washington	( ( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3137	Karadjordjevo	Live_In	Geneva	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3137	Karadjordjevo	Live_In	Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3137	Karadjordjevo	Live_In	FRY	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3137	Franjo Tudjman	Live_In	Geneva	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3137	Franjo Tudjman	Live_In	Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3137	Franjo Tudjman	Live_In	FRY	( Karadjordjevo " ) ( Text ) We cannot remember the last time when ( Croatian President ) Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3152	Mile Akmadzic	Live_In	Geneva	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
sent3152	Mile Akmadzic	Live_In	the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
sent4658	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4658	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4658	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4658	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4658	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4658	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4659	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( Today 's highlight in history : On Nov. 24 , 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald as the accused assassin of President John F. Kennedy was being escorted by police to an armored truck at the Dallas municipal building for transfer to the county jail .)
sent4660	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( James Earl Ray , 60 , is serving 99 years in prison for first-degree murder of King in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 .)
sent4664	Kennedy	Live_In	Texas	( A memorial to President Kennedy on the sixth floor of the former Texas Schoolbook Depository , from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly fired the shots that killed him , will open on Presidents Day , organizers say.)
sent4664	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Texas	( A memorial to President Kennedy on the sixth floor of the former Texas Schoolbook Depository , from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly fired the shots that killed him , will open on Presidents Day , organizers say.)
sent4665	John Henry	Live_In	Tupelo	( Leroy Ivy of Oxford and his brother John Henry Ivy of Tupelo were indicted this month on a charge of conspiracy to murder Lee County Circuit Judge Thomas Gardner III.)
sent4665	Thomas Gardner III	Live_In	Tupelo	( Leroy Ivy of Oxford and his brother John Henry Ivy of Tupelo were indicted this month on a charge of conspiracy to murder Lee County Circuit Judge Thomas Gardner III.)
sent4666	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan	( Sirhan apologized repeatedly for killing Kennedy , then the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination .)
sent4667	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( Sirhan Sirhan , in his first television interview , called Sen. Robert F. Kennedy his hero , but said he killed the presidential candidate more than 20 years ago because he felt betrayed by Kennedy 's support for Israel .)
sent4667	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Israel	( Sirhan Sirhan , in his first television interview , called Sen. Robert F. Kennedy his hero , but said he killed the presidential candidate more than 20 years ago because he felt betrayed by Kennedy 's support for Israel .)
sent4667	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( Sirhan Sirhan , in his first television interview , called Sen. Robert F. Kennedy his hero , but said he killed the presidential candidate more than 20 years ago because he felt betrayed by Kennedy 's support for Israel .)
sent4667	Kennedy	Live_In	Israel	( Sirhan Sirhan , in his first television interview , called Sen. Robert F. Kennedy his hero , but said he killed the presidential candidate more than 20 years ago because he felt betrayed by Kennedy 's support for Israel .)
sent4670	Danny Veno	Live_In	Dallas	( A long , long time. ' ' _ Dallas resident Danny Veno , on his visit to the spot from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot President Kennedy , which has been turned into a museum .)
sent4670	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( A long , long time. ' ' _ Dallas resident Danny Veno , on his visit to the spot from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot President Kennedy , which has been turned into a museum .)
sent4670	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( A long , long time. ' ' _ Dallas resident Danny Veno , on his visit to the spot from which Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot President Kennedy , which has been turned into a museum .)
sent4671	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4671	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Tenn.	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4671	Martin Luther King Jr	Live_In	Memphis	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4671	Martin Luther King Jr	Live_In	Tenn.	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4672	Ides	Live_In	B.C.	( Today 's highlight in history : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4672	Brutus	Live_In	B.C.	( Today 's highlight in history : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4672	Cassius	Live_In	B.C.	( Today 's highlight in history : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4673	Jesse James	Live_In	St. Joseph	( In 1882 , the notorious outlaw Jesse James was shot to death in St. Joseph , Mo. , by Robert Ford , a member of his own gang .)
sent4673	Jesse James	Live_In	Mo.	( In 1882 , the notorious outlaw Jesse James was shot to death in St. Joseph , Mo. , by Robert Ford , a member of his own gang .)
sent4673	Robert Ford	Live_In	St. Joseph	( In 1882 , the notorious outlaw Jesse James was shot to death in St. Joseph , Mo. , by Robert Ford , a member of his own gang .)
sent4673	Robert Ford	Live_In	Mo.	( In 1882 , the notorious outlaw Jesse James was shot to death in St. Joseph , Mo. , by Robert Ford , a member of his own gang .)
sent4675	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .)
sent4675	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	New York	( In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .)
sent4676	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Va.	( In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4676	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	Va.	( In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4676	Bowling Green	Live_In	Va.	( In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4677	Robert Kennedy	Live_In	Los Angeles County	( During his six-year tenure as Los Angeles County district attorney , Sirhan was tried and convicted for the 1968 assassination of U.S. Sen. Robert Kennedy .)
sent4677	Robert Kennedy	Live_In	U.S.	( During his six-year tenure as Los Angeles County district attorney , Sirhan was tried and convicted for the 1968 assassination of U.S. Sen. Robert Kennedy .)
sent4678	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( Sirhan Sirhan , serving life in prison for assassinating Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , was denied parole for the 10th time Tuesday despite saying he felt ` ` very remorseful ' ' about the slaying .)
sent4679	Kennedy	Live_In	Jerusalem	( Sirhan , a Jerusalem-born Christian Arab , was sentenced to death for Kennedy 's murder but was spared the San Quentin gas chamber after California 's death penalty law was overturned in 1972 by the state Supreme Court .)
sent4679	Kennedy	Live_In	California	( Sirhan , a Jerusalem-born Christian Arab , was sentenced to death for Kennedy 's murder but was spared the San Quentin gas chamber after California 's death penalty law was overturned in 1972 by the state Supreme Court .)
sent4680	Kennedy	Live_In	California	( Sirhan , a Christian Arab , was sentenced to death for Kennedy 's murder but was spared from gas chamber after California 's death penalty law was overturned in 1972 .)
sent4681	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan B. Sirhan	( Sen. Robert F. Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan B. Sirhan , has an unpredictable capacity for violence and remains a threat to society , a state prison board ruled in denying him parole for the 10th time .)
sent4683	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	( Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , was immediately arrested .)
sent4684	James Earl Ray	Live_In	London	( In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4684	Martin Luther King Jr	Live_In	London	( In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4685	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	( Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , was immediately arrested .)
sent4686	James Earl Ray	Live_In	London	( In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4686	Martin Luther King Jr	Live_In	London	( In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4687	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	Lennon	( In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4687	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	New York City	( In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4687	John Lennon	Live_In	Lennon	( In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4687	John Lennon	Live_In	New York City	( In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4688	James A. Garfield	Live_In	Washington	( In 1881 , President James A. Garfield was shot by Charles J. Guiteau , a disappointed office-seeker , at the Washington railroad station .)
sent4688	Charles J. Guiteau	Live_In	Washington	( In 1881 , President James A. Garfield was shot by Charles J. Guiteau , a disappointed office-seeker , at the Washington railroad station .)
sent4689	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Washington	( In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. , after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4689	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	D.C.	( In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. , after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4689	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	Washington	( In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. , after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4689	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	D.C.	( In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. , after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4692	George Shibley	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( George Shibley , a defense attorney who represented Robert F. Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Sirhan , and helped defend 12 Hispanics in the ` ` Zoot Suit ' ' murder case of the 1940s , has died of cardiac arrest at 79 .)
sent4692	Robert F. Kennedy 's	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	( George Shibley , a defense attorney who represented Robert F. Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Sirhan , and helped defend 12 Hispanics in the ` ` Zoot Suit ' ' murder case of the 1940s , has died of cardiac arrest at 79 .)
sent4694	Francisco Pizarro	Live_In	Peru	( On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .)
sent4695	William McKinley	Live_In	Buffalo	( Today 's highlight in history : On Sept. 6 , 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4695	William McKinley	Live_In	N.Y.	( Today 's highlight in history : On Sept. 6 , 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4695	Leon Czolgosz	Live_In	Buffalo	( Today 's highlight in history : On Sept. 6 , 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4695	Leon Czolgosz	Live_In	N.Y.	( Today 's highlight in history : On Sept. 6 , 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4698	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	Lennon	( Mark David Chapman fatally shot Lennon nine years ago in New York .)
sent4698	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	New York	( Mark David Chapman fatally shot Lennon nine years ago in New York .)
sent4699	John Harvey Adamson	Live_In	Arizona	( The federal appeals court previously overturned a key provision of Arizona 's death penalty statute in the case of John Harvey Adamson , convicted of murdering reporter Don Bolles .)
sent4699	Don Bolles	Live_In	Arizona	( The federal appeals court previously overturned a key provision of Arizona 's death penalty statute in the case of John Harvey Adamson , convicted of murdering reporter Don Bolles .)
sent4702	Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( Ray , 61 , will not be eligible for parole until 1998 for the April 4 , 1968 , killing of King in Memphis , Tenn .)
sent4703	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy .)
sent4703	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy .)
sent4703	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1963 , in a scene captured on live network television , Dallas nightclub owner Jack Ruby shot and mortally wounded Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy .)
sent4704	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( Until President 's Day of this year , the public could not enter the sixth floor of the old school book depository in downtown Dallas , where it 's believed Lee Harvey Oswald fired the shots that killed Kennedy .)
sent4704	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( Until President 's Day of this year , the public could not enter the sixth floor of the old school book depository in downtown Dallas , where it 's believed Lee Harvey Oswald fired the shots that killed Kennedy .)
sent4705	Kennedy	Live_In	Dealey Plaza	( Films include footage of Kennedy 's motorcade rolling through Dealey Plaza and NBC 's live broadcast of Jack Ruby fatally shooting Oswald in the basement of the Dallas Police Department .)
sent4705	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dealey Plaza	( Films include footage of Kennedy 's motorcade rolling through Dealey Plaza and NBC 's live broadcast of Jack Ruby fatally shooting Oswald in the basement of the Dallas Police Department .)
sent4705	Oswald	Live_In	Dealey Plaza	( Films include footage of Kennedy 's motorcade rolling through Dealey Plaza and NBC 's live broadcast of Jack Ruby fatally shooting Oswald in the basement of the Dallas Police Department .)
sent4706	Oswald	Live_In	Texas	( The Warren Commission later concluded that Oswald shot Kennedy from a sniper 's perch in the Texas Schoolbook Depository building on the edge of downtown Dallas .)
sent4706	Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( The Warren Commission later concluded that Oswald shot Kennedy from a sniper 's perch in the Texas Schoolbook Depository building on the edge of downtown Dallas .)
sent4706	Kennedy	Live_In	Texas	( The Warren Commission later concluded that Oswald shot Kennedy from a sniper 's perch in the Texas Schoolbook Depository building on the edge of downtown Dallas .)
sent4706	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( The Warren Commission later concluded that Oswald shot Kennedy from a sniper 's perch in the Texas Schoolbook Depository building on the edge of downtown Dallas .)
sent4709	Antonio Vasquez	Live_In	Guadalajara	( In a sixth new indictment , Antonio Vasquez Ochoa faces two counts of committing violent crimes in aid of racketeering for the slayings of John Walker and Alberto Radelat on Jan. 30 , 1985 , in Guadalajara .)
sent4709	John Walker	Live_In	Guadalajara	( In a sixth new indictment , Antonio Vasquez Ochoa faces two counts of committing violent crimes in aid of racketeering for the slayings of John Walker and Alberto Radelat on Jan. 30 , 1985 , in Guadalajara .)
sent4709	Alberto Radelat	Live_In	Guadalajara	( In a sixth new indictment , Antonio Vasquez Ochoa faces two counts of committing violent crimes in aid of racketeering for the slayings of John Walker and Alberto Radelat on Jan. 30 , 1985 , in Guadalajara .)
sent4710	John Walker	Live_In	Vasquez	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4710	John Walker	Live_In	Guadalajara	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4710	John Walker	Live_In	U.S.	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4710	Alberto Radelat	Live_In	Vasquez	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4710	Alberto Radelat	Live_In	Guadalajara	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4710	Alberto Radelat	Live_In	U.S.	( Vasquez is charged with violent crime in aid of racketeering in the Guadalajara slayings of U.S. citizens John Walker and Alberto Radelat in January 1985 .)
sent4711	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Washington	( On April 14 , while attending a play at the Ford Theatre in Washington , Lincoln was shot in the head by actor John Wilkes Booth , who cried out ` ` Sic Semper Tyranus ' ' ( ` ` Thus Ever to Tyrants , ' ' the motto of Virginia ) .)
sent4711	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Virginia	( On April 14 , while attending a play at the Ford Theatre in Washington , Lincoln was shot in the head by actor John Wilkes Booth , who cried out ` ` Sic Semper Tyranus ' ' ( ` ` Thus Ever to Tyrants , ' ' the motto of Virginia ) .)
sent4714	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.)
sent4714	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Tenn.	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.)
sent4714	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Memphis	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.)
sent4714	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Tenn.	( In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr.)
sent4715	Jack Ruby	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1964 , a jury in Dallas found Jack Ruby guilty of murdering Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy.)
sent4715	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1964 , a jury in Dallas found Jack Ruby guilty of murdering Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy.)
sent4715	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	( In 1964 , a jury in Dallas found Jack Ruby guilty of murdering Lee Harvey Oswald , the accused assassin of President Kennedy.)
